                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.53 
                              CONSULTING AGREEMENT 
                               
      THIS AGREEMENT, effective as of April 23, 1997 (the "Effective Date"), is  
 between Frazier/King Media Holding Co., a Texas corporation (the "Consultant"),  
 and NTN Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"). 
      Recitals.  The Company desires to engage the Consultant to provide the  
      --- 
 Consulting Services (defined below) to the Company in exchange for the  
 compensation from the Company to the Consultant described in this Agreement. 
      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and other good and 
 valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
 acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby covenant 
 and agree as follows: 
      1.  Consulting Relationship; Consultant's Duties.  The Company hereby  
          - 
 engages the Consultant on a non-exclusive basis to provide the Company the 
 consulting services described as follows (the "Consulting Services"): 
          (a)  During the term hereof, Consultant shall provide consulting  
 services to the Company in review of the Company's strategic business plan,  
 including a review of the Company's current operations, future development and  
 devising and structuring an appropriate financial plan for securing financing or 
 refinancing, including, but not limited to, conventional loans, subordinated  
 debt, commercial paper, vendor financing, sale and leaseback transactions,  
 mortgages, private placements, public offerings, and any other form of debt or  
 equity financing which the parties may agree is appropriate, from or through  
 public or private financing services.  Consultant shall also direct and oversee  
 the planning and execution of the Company's business plan upon approval of  
 business plan by the Company's board of directors.  Following such approval,  
 Consultant will monitor the execution of the plan by the staff and management of 
 the Company and provide a progress report to the Company's board of directors at 
 regular intervals, which shall be not more frequent than quarterly.   
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Consultant shall provide its services in  
 accordance with the directives of the President, Chief Executive Officer and  
 Board of Directors of the Company.  All of the aforementioned services shall be  
 performed by or under the personal supervision of Jeffrey Joe King or Edward C.  
 Frazier. 
          (b)  Consultant shall be given full use of the Company's resources,  
 including personnel, documentation, and such other information as it may require 
 to fulfill its duties hereunder, 
          (c)  Consultant shall devote its best efforts, skills and abilities to 
 the performance of its services as stated herein.  It is expressly agreed  
 herein, however, that Consultant is not obligated to spend any minimum number of 
 hours in the performance of its duties.  Consultant will not be required to keep 
 regular office hours.  Company agrees that the Consultant may perform its duties 
 hereunder at a location of Consultant's choosing other than at the offices of  
 this Company.  Consultant shall, however, make itself available and devote such  
 time as is necessary to respond to specific issues as the Company may reasonably 
 request. 
 
 Consultant to address. Consultant shall also use its best efforts to preserve  
 the goodwill of all employees, customers and other persons having business  
 relations with the Company and to perform its consulting services in a  
 business-like manner and in a manner that will not harm the business reputation  
 of the Company. 
      2.   Compensation; Expenses. 
           -- 
           (a)  Consultant shall be compensated through the issuance of warrants  
 for the purchase of Company's stock. The warrants shall be in the form attached  
 hereto as Exhibit "A" and incorporated herein by reference. 
           (b)  The Company will reimburse the Consultant for all expenses  
 incurred but the Consultant in the course of rendering services on behalf of the 
 Company, excluding Consultant's normal operating expenses. Upon presentation of  
 all receipts and other documentation, Company shall reimburse Consultant within  
 thirty (30) days for such expenses. Consultant shall use its best efforts to  
 minimize expenses and utilize the Company's available resources, when  
 appropriate, to do so. 
      3.   Term; Termination. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the  
           -- 
 Effective Date hereof and shall continue for a period of two (2) years subject  
 to the following sentence. The Board of Directors of the Company may terminate  
 this Agreement at any time upon ten days' notice to the Consultant in the event  
 that the Board in the exercise of its good faith discretion finds that the  
 Consultant has failed materially to perform its duties hereunder or has  
 otherwise breached any material provision of this Agreement. 
      4.   Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this  
           - 
 Agreement, the Consultant shall be entitled to all compensation and to  
 reimbursement for all expenses incurred by it before the effective date of  
 termination. 
      5.   Services to Others; Conflicts of Interest. 
           --- 
           (a)  The Company understands that the Consultant will provide  
 consulting services similar or the same as the Consulting Services to other  
 persons and/or entities (the "Other Clients") and hereby consents to the  
 Consultant providing of such services to the Other Clients. The Company  
 understands that the Other Clients may, now or in the future, be in competition  
 with the Company. Consultant agrees that during the term of this Agreement, it  
 will not provide services to direct competitors. Consultant may, however,  
 provide services to its other clients, who may be in indirect competition with  
 the Company. The Company hereby consents to such activities on the part of the  
 Consultant. The Company shall not, by virtue of this Agreement or the warrants  
 issuable pursuant hereto, have any right to participate in any other business  
 ventures involving the Consultant. The Consultant has no obligation to refer any 
 business opportunity to the Company. 
           (b)  The Company and the Consultant are each independent contractors  
 whose sole relationship is that of Consultant and client. Nothing contained in  
 this Agreement shall be deemed to create any fiduciary or special relationship,  
 or any agency, joint venture, or 
 
 partnership relationship between the parties hereto. The Consultant shall have  
 no implied duties to the Company. 
      6.   Indemnification. Except as a result of the Consultant's misconduct,  
            
 the Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Consultant from any loss, cost, 
 damage and expense (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees)  
 resulting from any claim asserted against Consultant in connection with the  
 performance of the Consultant's services under this Agreement or otherwise  
 related to or arising from the consulting relationship hereunder. 
      7.   Modification, Amendment and Waiver.  This Agreement may not be 
           - 
 modified unless such modification is in writing and signed by all parties  
 hereto. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be enforceable unless in  
 writing and signed by the party against which it is sought to be changed. The  
 waiver by any party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not  
 operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by such other  
 party. 
      8.   Notices.  All notices hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed 
           -- 
 given if delivered personally or by courier service or mailed by registered or  
 certified mail (return receipt requested) to the parties and will be deemed 
 given on the date on which so delivered or on the third business day following 
 the date on which so mailed. 
      9.   Company Contracts.  The Consultant shall have no right or authority at 
           -- 
 any time to make any contract or binding promise of any nature on behalf of the  
 Company, whether oral or written, without the express written consent of the  
 Company. 
      10.  Costs of Enforcement.  If any action at law or in equity is necessary 
            
 to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall  
 be entitled to reasonable attorneys' fees, court costs, and necessary  
 disbursements in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled. 
      11.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
           -- 
 counterparts, all of which will be considered the same agreement and faxed  
 copies of manually executed signature pages to this Agreement will be fully  
 binding and enforceable without the need for delivery of the manually executed  
 signature page. 
      12.  GOVERNING LAW.  THE INTERNAL LAWS (AND NOT THE CONFLICTS OF LAWS 
           --- 
 RULES) OF DELAWARE GOVERN THIS AGREEMENT. 
      13.  Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be 
           -- 
 illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be fully severable, and  
 this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid or  
 unenforceable provision were never a part hereof; the remaining provisions  
 hereof shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the  
 illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or by its severance; and in lieu of  
 such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision, there shall be added  
 automatically as part of this Agreement, a provision as similar in its terms to  
 such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be  
 legal, valid and enforceable. 
 
      14.  Miscellaneous.  This Agreement shall not be assignable by operation of 
           --- 
 law or otherwise.  Any attempted assignment of this Agreement by the Company  
 shall be void.  The Consultant may assign this Agreement to any entity  
 controlled by the Consultant or the Consultant's affiliates with the Company's  
 express written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.  In the event 
 of such assignment all services to be performed by the Consultant shall be  
 performed by or under the personal supervision of Jeffrey Joe King or Edward C.  
 Frazier.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all  
 other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the  
 parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof.  The  
 headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes and will not  
 affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.  Use of  
 "herein," "hereof" or similar terms refer to this Agreement as a whole.  The  
 reference to any gender shall be construed to include the masculine, feminine,  
 and neuter. 
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement to be  
 effective as of the Signing Date. 
 Address:                               NTN COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
 ---- 
 ----       By: /s/ Gerald Sokol, Jr. 
                                           ---- 
                                           Printed Name: Gerald Sokol 
                                                        ---- 
 Telecopy No.:                             Office:   President 
              ----                  
 Address:                               FRAZIER/KING MEDIA HOLDING CO. 
 100 East Royal Lane 
 Suite 375                              By: /s/ Jeffery Joe King 
 Irving, Texas  75039                      ---- 
 (972) 830-5000                            Printed Name: Jeffery Joe King 
 Telecopy No.:  (972) 868
--- 
                                           Office:   Co-chairman 
                                                   
 
 THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER 
 THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR 
 TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER 
 SAID ACT. 
                                                              Warrant to Purchase 
 WE-009                                                          1,000,000 Shares 
                             NTN COMMUNICATIONS INC. 
              (Incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware) 
                WARRANT CERTIFICATE FOR THE PURCHASE OF SHARES OF 
           THE $.005 PAR VALUE COMMON STOCK OF NTN COMMUNICATIONS INC. 
 EXERCISABLE ONLY AFTER MAY 23, 1997 AND VOID AFTER APRIL 23, 2007. 
 Warrant Price:  $2.81 (Two Dollars Eighty-One Cents) per share. 
      1.   THIS IS TO CERTIFY that, for value received, Frazier/King Media 
 Holding Co., a Texas corporation, (the "Holder"), is entitled to purchase, 
 subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, at anytime from and 
 after May 23, 1997, and on or before April 23, 2007 (the "Warrant Period"), up 
 to 1,000,000 shares of the $.005 par value common stock ("Common Stock") of NTN 
 Communications Inc.  (the "Company"), and to receive certificate(s) for the 
 Common Stock so purchased.  This Warrant shall be immediately exercisable as to 
 200,000 shares (the "Initial Exercise Date") and as to 100,000 shares on each of 
 the following dates:  July 15, 1997, October 15, 1997, January 15, 1998, April 
 15, 1998, July 15, 1998, October 15, 1998, January 15, 1999 and April 15, 1999 
 (the "Subsequent Exercise Dates"), provided that on each of such dates, the 
 Board of Directors of the Company has determined in its discretion that Holder 
 is satisfactorily providing consulting services to the Company under that 
 certain Consulting Agreement dated as of April 23, 1997.  If, within ninety days 
 from the date hereof, a definitive agreement is entered into by the Company 
 which definitive agreement leads to a "Change of Control Event," as defined in 
 Paragraph 5 hereof, then the maximum number of shares of the Company's Common 
 Stock subject to this Warrant shall be reduced from 1,000,000 shares to 500,000 
 shares.  This Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part.  Such exercise shall 
 be accomplished by tender to the Company of the purchase price set forth above 
 as the warrant price (the "Warrant Price"), either in cash or by certified check 
 or bank cashier's check, payable to the order of the Company, together with 
 presentation and surrender to the Company of this Warrant with an executed 
 subscription in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.  Fractional 
 shares of the Company's Common Stock will not be issued upon the exercise of 
 this Warrant. 
      2.   The Company agrees at all times to reserve and hold available out of 
 the aggregate of its authorized but unissued Common Stock the number of shares 
 of its Common Stock issuable 
 
 upon the exercise of this and all other Warrants of like tenor then outstanding. 
 The Company further covenants and agrees that all shares of Common Stock that 
 may be delivered upon the exercise of this Warrant will, upon delivery, be fully 
 paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect 
 to the purchase thereof hereunder. 
      This Warrant and the Common Stock issuable upon the exercise hereof may not 
 be sold, transferred, pledged or hypothecated unless the Company shall have been 
 supplied with evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that such transfer is not 
 in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act") and any 
 applicable state laws.  Subject to the satisfaction of the aforesaid condition, 
 this Warrant shall be transferable by the Holder. 
      If this Warrant is transferred, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this 
 Warrant to the Company, the Company shall deliver to each transferee a Warrant 
 evidencing the rights of such transferee to purchase the number of shares of 
 Common Stock that such transferee is entitled to purchase pursuant to such 
 transfer. 
      The Company may place a legend on this Warrant or any replacement Warrant 
 and on each certificate representing shares issuable upon exercise of this 
 Warrant as to which the Company has not been supplied evidence that the transfer 
 of such security would not be in violation of the Act and any applicable state 
 laws. 
      Only the registered Holder may enforce the provisions of this Warrant 
 against the Company.  A transferee of the original registered Holder becomes a 
 registered Holder only upon notice to the Company substantially in the form set 
 forth in Exhibit B hereto. 
      3.   This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other 
 rights as a stockholder of the Company, nor to any other rights whatsoever 
 except the rights herein set forth, and no dividend shall be payable or accrue 
 by reason of this Warrant or the interest represented hereby, or the shares 
 purchasable hereunder, until or unless, and except to the extent that, this 
 Warrant is exercised. 
      This Warrant is exchangeable upon its surrender by the Holder to the 
 Company for new Warrants of like tenor and date representing in the aggregate 
 the right to purchase the number of shares purchasable hereunder, each of such 
 new Warrants to represent the right to purchase such number of shares as may be 
 designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender. 
      At such time as the Common Stock is listed on any registered national 
 securities exchange, the Company shall, upon issuance of any shares for which 
 this Warrant is exercisable, at its expense, promptly obtain and maintain the 
 listing of such shares. 
      The Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of Sections 13 and 
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for so long as and to the extent 
 that such requirements apply to the Company. 
      4.   The Warrant Price and the number of shares purchasable upon the 
 exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to time upon the 
 occurrence of any of the events specified in this Section 4. 
 
           (a)  In case the Company shall (i) pay a dividend in shares of Common 
 Stock or make a distribution in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide its 
 outstanding shares of Common Stock, (iii) combine its outstanding shares of 
 Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock, or (iv) issue by 
 reclassification of its shares of Common Stock other securities of the Company, 
 the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of this Warrant 
 immediately prior thereto shall be adjusted so that the Holder of this Warrant 
 shall be entitled to receive the kind and number of shares of Common Stock or 
 other securities of the Company that he would have owned or have been entitled 
 to receive after the happening of any of the events described above, had such 
 Warrant been exercised immediately prior to the happening of such event or any 
 record date with respect thereto.  An adjustment made pursuant to this paragraph 
 (a) shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such event 
 retroactive to the record date, if any, for such event. 
           (b)  Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon 
 the exercise of this Warrant is adjusted, as herein provided, the Warrant Price 
 shall be adjusted by multiplying such Warrant Price immediately prior to such 
 adjustment by a fraction, of which the numerator shall be the number of shares 
 of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant immediately prior 
 to such adjustment, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares 
 of Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
           (c)  For the purpose of this Section 4, the term shares of Common 
 Stock shall mean (i) the class of stock designated as the Common Stock of the 
 Company at the date of this Warrant, or (ii) any other class of stock resulting 
 from successive changes or reclassifications of such shares consisting solely of 
 change in par value, or from par value to no par value, or from no par value to 
 par value. 
           (d)  If during the Warrant Period the Company consolidates with or 
 merges into another corporation or transfers all or substantially all of its 
 assets the Holder shall thereafter be entitled upon exercise hereof to purchase, 
 with respect to each share of Common Stock purchasable hereunder immediately 
 prior to the date upon which such consolidation or merger becomes effective, the 
 securities or property to which a holder of shares of Common Stock is entitled 
 upon such consolidation or merger, without any change in, or payment in 
 addition to the Warrant Price in effect immediately prior to such merger or 
 consolidation, and the Company shall take such steps in connection with such 
 consolidation or merger as may be necessary to ensure that all of the provisions 
 of this Warrant shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, 
 in relation to any securities or property thereafter deliverable upon the 
 exercise of this Warrant.  The Company shall not effect any such consolidation, 
 merger or asset transfer unless prior to the consummation thereof the successor 
 corporation (if other than the Company) resulting therefrom shall assume by 
 written agreement executed and mailed to the registered Holder at his address 
 shown on the books and records of the Company, the obligation to deliver to such 
 Holder any such securities or property as in accordance with the foregoing 
 provisions such Holder shall be entitled to purchase. 
           (e)  Upon the happening of any event requiring an adjustment of the 
 Warrant Price, the Company shall forthwith give written notice thereof to the 
 registered Holder of this Warrant, stating the adjusted Warrant Price and the 
 adjusted number of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property 
 purchasable upon the exercise hereof resulting from such event and setting forth 
 in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such 
 calculation is based.  The Board of Directors of the Company shall determine the 
 adjusted Warrant Price and the securities or property purchasable upon exercise. 
 If any voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation, or 
 
 winding up of the Company is proposed, the Company shall give at least 20 days 
 prior written notice of such proposal to the registered Holder hereof stating 
 the date on which such event is to take place and the date (which shall be at 
 least 20 days after giving of such notice) as of which the holders of shares of 
 Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for 
 securities or other property deliverable upon such dissolution, liquidation or 
 winding up.  This Warrant and all rights hereunder shall terminate as of the 
 date on which such dissolution, liquidation, or winding up takes place.  The 
 notices pursuant to this paragraph shall be given by first class mail, postage 
 prepaid, addressed to the registered Holder of this Warrant at his address 
 appearing in the records of the Company. 
           (f)  Irrespective of any adjustments pursuant to this Section 4 to the 
 Warrant Price or to the number of shares or other securities or other property 
 obtainable upon exercise of this Warrant, this Warrant may continue to state the 
 Warrant Price and the number of shares obtainable upon exercise, as the same 
 price and number of shares stated herein. 
      5.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Initial Exercise 
 Date and the Subsequent Exercise Dates shall automatically be accelerated 
 immediately upon a Change in Control Event.  A "Change in Control Event" shall 
 mean: 
      (1)  The acquisition by any individual entity or group (within the meaning 
 of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
 amended (the "Exchange Act") (a "Person") of beneficial ownership of 50% or more 
 of the then outstanding voting securities of the Corporation entitled to vote 
 generally in the election of directors (the "Outstanding Voting Securities"); 
 provided, however, that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change 
 - ---  --                                                                
 in Control Event:  (A) any acquisition by the Corporation or (B) any acquisition 
 by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the 
 Corporation or any corporation controlled by the Corporation. 
      (2)  Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (the 
 "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the 
 Board; provided, however, that any individual who becomes a director subsequent 
 to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by the 
 Corporation's shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the 
 directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such 
 individual were a member of the Incumbent Board; but excluding, for this 
 purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a 
 result of either an actual or threatened election contest (as such terms are 
 used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act) or 
 other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf 
 of a Person other than the Board; or 
      (3)  Approval by the shareholders of the Corporation of a reorganization, 
 merger or consolidation (a "transaction"), unless, following such transaction in 
 each case, more than 50% of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common 
 stock of the corporation resulting from such transaction and the combined voting 
 power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation entitled to 
 vote generally in the election of directors is then beneficially owned, directly 
 or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entitles who 
 were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the outstanding Common stock and 
 Outstanding Voting Securities immediately prior to such transaction; or 
      (4)  Approval by the shareholders of the Corporation of (A) a complete 
 liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation or (B) the sale or other 
 disposition of all or substantially all of the 
 
 assets of the Corporation, unless such assets are sold to a corporation and 
 following such sale or other disposition, the condition described in paragraph 
 (3) above is satisfied. 
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by 
 its duly authorized officers, and the corporate seal hereunto affixed. 
 DATED: May 23, 1997                 NTN COMMUNICATIONS INC. 
                                     By: /s/ Gerald Sokol, Jr. 
                                        ---- 
                                        President 
                                     ATTEST: 
 [seal]                              By: /s/ Laura Kass 
                                        ---- 
                                        Secretary 
 
                                SUBSCRIPTION FORM 
 (To be Executed by the Registered Holder to Exercise the Rights To Purchase 
 Common Stock Evidenced by the Within Warrant) 
      The undersigned hereby irrevocably subscribes for  shares (the 
 "Stock") of the Common Stock of NTN COMMUNICATIONS INC. (the "Company") pursuant 
 to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the attached Warrant and 
 hereby makes payment of $___ therefor, and requests that a certificate 
 for such shares be issued in the name of the undersigned and be delivered to the 
 undersigned at the address stated below.  If such number of shares is not all of 
 the shares purchasable pursuant to the attached Warrant, the undersigned 
 requests that a new Warrant of like tenor for the balance of the remaining 
 shares purchasable thereunder be delivered to the undersigned at the address 
 stated below. 
      In connection with the issuance of the Stock, the undersigned hereby 
 represents to the Company that it is acquiring the Stock for its own account for 
 investment and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, a 
 distribution of the shares within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as 
 amended (the "Act").  The undersigned also understands that the Company has not 
 registered the Stock under the Act or the California Corporate Securities Law of 
 1968, as amended (the "Law"), in reliance upon the private offering exemptions 
 contained in Section 4(2) of the Act and Section 25102(f) of the Law, 
 respectively, and that such reliance is based in part upon the undersigned's 
 representations. 
      The undersigned understands that because the Stock has not been registered 
 under the Act or qualified under the Law, the undersigned must hold such Stock 
 indefinitely unless such Stock is subsequently registered and qualified under 
 such statutes or is exempt from such registration and qualification.  Before the 
 undersigned makes any transfer or disposition of any shares of the Stock, the 
 undersigned agrees to give to the Company written notice of its intention to do 
 so and to describe briefly the manner of such proposed transfer or disposition. 
 The undersigned shall make no such transfer or disposition unless (a) such 
 transfer or disposition can be made without registration under the Act and 
 qualification under the Law by reason of specific exemptions from such 
 registration and such qualification, or (b) a registration statement has been 
 filed pursuant to the Act and has been declared effective with respect to such 
 disposition, and an Application to Qualify Securities has been filed pursuant to 
 the Law and an appropriate permit or order respecting such Application shall 
 have been issued. 
      The undersigned agrees that each certificate representing the Stock 
 delivered to it shall bear substantially the following legend: 
           "The shares represented by this certificate have not been registered 
      under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The shares may not be sold or 
      transferred in the absence of such registration or an exemption therefrom 
      under said Act." 
      The undersigned further agrees that the Company may place stop orders on 
 the certificates evidencing the Stock with the transfer agent, if any, to the 
 same effect as the above legend.  The legend and stop transfer notice referred 
 to above shall be removed only upon the undersigned's 
                                       A-1 
 furnishing to the Company an opinion of counsel (reasonably satisfactory to the 
 Company) to the effect that such legend may be removed. 
 Date:                                   FRAZIER/KING MEDIA HOLDING CO. 
       
                                         By:  
                                            --- 
                                         Address: 
                                         100 East Royal Lane, Suite 375 
                                         Irving, Texas 75039 
 THE SIGNATURE(S) TO THIS SUBSCRIPTION FORM MUST CORRESPOND WITH THE NAME AS 
 WRITTEN UPON THE FACE OF THE WARRANT IN EVERY PARTICULAR, WITHOUT ALTERNATION OR 
 ENLARGEMENT, OR ANY CHANGE WHATSOEVER, AND SUCH SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED 
 IN ACCORDANCE WITH PRACTICES PREVAILING IN THE SECURITIES INDUSTRY AT THE TIME 
 SUCH SIGNATURE IS PRESENTED TO THE COMPANY. 
                                       A-2 
                                    ASSIGNMENT 
 (To be Executed by the Registered Holder to Effect Transfer of the Within 
 Warrant) 
 For Value Received  ___ hereby sells, assigns and transfers to 
  this warrant and the rights represented hereby to purchase 
 Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, and does hereby 
 irrevocably constitute and appoint _ __ as 
 attorney to transfer this warrant on the books of the Company with full power of 
 substitution. 
 Date: _                 Signed: __ 
 Please print or typewrite name          Please insert Social Security or other 
 and address of assignee:                Tax Identification Number of Assignee: 
 __      __-- 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
                Zip 
 THE SIGNATURE(S) TO THIS ASSIGNMENT MUST CORRESPOND WITH THE NAME AS WRITTEN 
 UPON THE FACE OF THE WARRANT IN EVERY PARTICULAR, WITHOUT ALTERNATION OR 
 ENLARGEMENT, OR ANY CHANGE WHATSOEVER, AND SUCH SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED 
 IN ACCORDANCE WITH PRACTICES PREVAILING IN THE SECURITIES INDUSTRY AT THE TIME 
 SUCH SIGNATURE IS PRESENTED TO THE COMPANY. 
                                    Exhibit B 
